Support for JDK 21 (#5)
mukel/llama2.java: README.md

This port used [llama2.scala](https://github.com/jrudolph/llama2.scala) initially as a reference.

## Build

> Java 21+ is required, in particular the [`MemorySegment` mmap-ing feature](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/20/docs/api/java.base/java/nio/channels/FileChannel.html#map(java.nio.channels.FileChannel.MapMode,long,long,java.lang.foreign.SegmentScope)).  

Reviewer: Nit: Update javadoc link.
```suggestion
Java 21+ is required, in particular the [`MemorySegment` mmap-ing feature](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/21/docs/api/java.base/java/nio/channels/FileChannel.html#map(java.nio.channels.FileChannel.MapMode,long,long,java.lang.foreign.Arena)).  
```

Author: Thanks. I have made the change.
